readme.md, before:

# NG Portal Language Files
This repository is the [Git submodule](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules) of 
[NG Portal](https://github.com/mileweb/ngportal) implementing i18n in portal UI. 
## Documents:  
We need to make sure the main keywords are translated consistently according to this table:
| English | Chinese | Korean | Japanese | Russian | French |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| property |
| property | 加速项 | 설정 | プロパティ | свойство | Configuration |
| edge configurations | 边缘配置 | 에지구성 | エッジ構成 | edge-конфигурация | Parametres |
| version | 版本 | 버전 | バージョン | версия | Version |
| hostname | 域名 | 호스트명 | ホスト名 | имя хоста | Nom d'hôte |
| report | 报表 | 리포트 | レポート | отчет | Rapport |
| report interval | 报表粒度 | 리포트 간격 | レポートの粒度 | интервал отчета | Delai de rapport |
| origin | 源站 | 오리진 | オリジン | источник | Origine |
| certificate | 证书 | 인증서 | 証明書 | сертификат | Certificat |
| action | 操作 | 액션 | アクション | действие | Action |
| edge logic | 边缘逻辑 | 엣지 로직  | エッジロジック | скрипт | Script server |
| deploy |
| staging | 演练 | 가상 환경 | ステージング | стейджинг | Platforme de test |
| production | 生产 | 실제 환경 | プロダクション | продуктив | Production |
| environment | 环境 | 환경 | 実環境 | окружение  | Environement |
| deploy | 发布 | 적용 | 適用 | развернуть | Deployé |
| undeploy | 卸载 | 비적용 | 非適用 | откатить | Non déployé |
| edge hostname |
| edge hostname | 边缘域名 | 에지호스트명 | エッジ　ホスト名 | имя edge-хоста | Nom d'hôte |
| client zone | 访客分区 | 클라이언트 지역 | クライアントゾーン | регион клиента | Région client |
| rule | 规则 | 룰 | ルール | правило | Regle |
| deliver | 分发 | 서비스 | 配信 | доставить | Delivré |
| reject | 拒绝 | 거부 | 拒否 | отклонить | Rejeté |
| redirect | 跳转 | 리다이렉트 | リダイレクト | перенаправить | Redirection |
| purge | 刷新 | 비우기 | パージ | отчиска | Purger |
| prefetch | 预取 | 미리가져오기 | プリフェッチ | пердварительная загрузка | Préchauffer |
| Secret |
| secret | 保密信息 | 비밀 | 秘密情報 | секрет | Secret |
| Account |
| impersonate | 身份切换 |  |  | Выдавать себя за другое лицо |  |

## Naming Convention
* ar_SA.json: Arabic (Saudi Arabia)
* en_US.json: English (United States)
* es_ES.json: Spanish (Spain)
* fr_FR.json: French (France)
* it_IT.json: Italian (Italy)
* jk_KR.json: Korean (Korea)
* jp_JP.json: Japanese (Japan)
* ru_RU.json: Russian (Russia)
* zh-Hans.json: Simplified Chinese (China)
## How It Works
NG portal used [React Intl](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-intl) to support internationalization by loading
the JSON file corresponding to the language chosen by the customer. Texts are stored in key-value pairs in these JSON
files, for example "Start Purge" or "开始刷新" in Chinese are sharing the same key "purge.button.start". Developers can
conveniently load the text in their components:
```javascript
import {injectIntl} from "react-intl";
...
class myComponent extends React.Component {
    ...
    let text = this.props.intl.formatMessage({id: 'purge.button.start'});
    ...
    render = () => <div>{text}</div>
}
export default injectIntl(myComponent);
```
Translators just need to modify the text values corresponding to key "purge.button.start".  
en_US.json:
```json
{"purge.button.start": "Start Purge"}
```
zh-Hans.json:
```json
{"purge.button.start": "开始刷新"}
```
## Useful Tools
[BabelEdit](https://www.codeandweb.com/babeledit) is a translation editor for web applications. It enables developers to edit JSON properties and translation files with ease. We have a Volume License. Please ask Bin Ni for the license key.

This project should only be worked on with this tool.

Before you commit, please do a `git diff` to make sure you did not inadvertantely change the line order, indentation, line-end etc. Only the lines you actually modified should show up in the diff. Otherwise it will be very difficult to track changes.

Commit message:

NCP-3820 #comment removed unused keywords; generated new text for missing translations

readme.md, after:

# NG Portal Language Files
This repository is the [Git submodule](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules) of 
[NG Portal](https://github.com/mileweb/ngportal) implementing i18n in portal UI. 
## Documents:  
We need to make sure the main keywords are translated consistently according to this table:
| English | Chinese | Korean | Japanese | Russian | French |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| property |
| property | 加速项 | 설정 | プロパティ | свойство | Configuration |
| edge configurations | 边缘配置 | 에지구성 | エッジ構成 | edge-конфигурация | Parametres |
| version | 版本 | 버전 | バージョン | версия | Version |
| hostname | 域名 | 호스트명 | ホスト名 | имя хоста | Nom d'hôte |
| report | 报表 | 리포트 | レポート | отчет | Rapport |
| report interval | 报表粒度 | 리포트 간격 | レポートの粒度 | интервал отчета | Delai de rapport |
| origin | 源站 | 오리진 | オリジン | источник | Origine |
| certificate | 证书 | 인증서 | 証明書 | сертификат | Certificat |
| action | 操作 | 액션 | アクション | действие | Action |
| edge logic | 边缘逻辑 | 엣지 로직  | エッジロジック | скрипт | Script server |
| deploy |
| staging | 演练 | 가상 환경 | ステージング | стейджинг | Platforme de test |
| production | 生产 | 실제 환경 | プロダクション | продуктив | Production |
| environment | 环境 | 환경 | 実環境 | окружение  | Environement |
| deploy | 发布 | 적용 | 適用 | развернуть | Deployé |
| undeploy | 卸载 | 비적용 | 非適用 | откатить | Non déployé |
| edge hostname |
| edge hostname | 边缘域名 | 에지호스트명 | エッジ　ホスト名 | имя edge-хоста | Nom d'hôte |
| client zone | 访客分区 | 클라이언트 지역 | クライアントゾーン | регион клиента | Région client |
| rule | 规则 | 룰 | ルール | правило | Regle |
| deliver | 分发 | 서비스 | 配信 | доставить | Delivré |
| reject | 拒绝 | 거부 | 拒否 | отклонить | Rejeté |
| redirect | 跳转 | 리다이렉트 | リダイレクト | перенаправить | Redirection |
| purge | 刷新 | 비우기 | パージ | отчиска | Purger |
| prefetch | 预取 | 미리가져오기 | プリフェッチ | пердварительная загрузка | Préchauffer |
| Secret |
| secret | 保密信息 | 비밀 | 秘密情報 | секрет | Secret |
| Account |
| impersonate | 身份切换 |  |  | Выдавать себя за другое лицо |  |

## Naming Convention
* ar_SA.json: Arabic (Saudi Arabia)
* en_US.json: English (United States)
* es_ES.json: Spanish (Spain)
* fr_FR.json: French (France)
* it_IT.json: Italian (Italy)
* jk_KR.json: Korean (Korea)
* jp_JP.json: Japanese (Japan)
* ru_RU.json: Russian (Russia)
* zh-Hans.json: Simplified Chinese (China)
## How It Works
NG portal used [React Intl](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-intl) to support internationalization by loading
the JSON file corresponding to the language chosen by the customer. Texts are stored in key-value pairs in these JSON
files, for example "Start Purge" or "开始刷新" in Chinese are sharing the same key "purge.button.start". Developers can
conveniently load the text in their components:
```javascript
import {injectIntl} from "react-intl";
...
class myComponent extends React.Component {
    ...
    let text = this.props.intl.formatMessage({id: 'purge.button.start'});
    ...
    render = () => <div>{text}</div>
}
export default injectIntl(myComponent);
```
Translators just need to modify the text values corresponding to key "purge.button.start".  
en_US.json:
```json
{"purge.button.start": "Start Purge"}
```
zh-Hans.json:
```json
{"purge.button.start": "开始刷新"}
```
## Useful Tools
[BabelEdit](https://www.codeandweb.com/babeledit) is a translation editor for web applications. It enables developers to edit JSON properties and translation files with ease. We have a Volume License. Please ask Bin Ni for the license key.

This project should only be worked on with this tool.

Before you commit, please do a `git diff` to make sure you did not inadvertantely change the line order, indentation, line-end etc. Only the lines you actually modified should show up in the diff. Otherwise, it will be very difficult to track changes.

BabelEdit has a feature, "Show source", allowing you to see if the ID is used in your source code. Though convenient, the feature is imperfect. BabelEdit fails to find references to many IDs. It is important to check the source code to confirm an ID is indeed unused before deleting it.
